Translating en/model_doc folder docs to Japanese(from `blip` to `clap`) 🇯🇵 (#27673)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/ja/model_doc/canine.md

<!--Copyright 2021 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

⚠️ Note that this file is in Markdown but contain specific syntax for our doc-builder (similar to MDX) that may not be
rendered properly in your Markdown viewer.

-->

# CANINE

## Overview

> CANINE モデルは、[CANINE: 言語用の効率的なトークン化フリーのエンコーダーの事前トレーニング](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.06874)、Jonathan H. Clark、Dan Garrette、Iulia Turc、John Wieting 著。その

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CANINE モデルは、[CANINE: Pre-training an Efficient Tokenization-Free Encoder for Language
Representation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.06874)、Jonathan H. Clark、Dan Garrette、Iulia Turc、John Wieting 著。その
```

明示的なトークン化ステップ (バイト ペアなど) を使用せずに Transformer をトレーニングする最初の論文の 1 つ

> エンコーディング (BPE)、WordPiece または SentencePiece)。代わりに、モデルは Unicode 文字レベルで直接トレーニングされます。

Reviewer: Missing the opening `(` here for BPE, WordPiece and SentencePiece
